Restructure AI integrations docs with Skills and Rules pages (#177)
checkly/docs: cli/overview.mdx

npx checkly deploy
```

You just created your entire synthetic monitoring setup with API and Playwright-based Browser Checks from your code base!
Open up [your Checkly dashboard](https://app.checklyhq.com) and you should see your check, ready to start monitoring around the clock.

For a custom installation check out [our installation docs](/cli/installation/).

## Using Agents, AI IDEs and Copilots

Checkly is designed to work with Agents, AI IDEs, and Copilots. You can use your preferred provider to generate code for API
Checks, Browser Checks and all other constructs.

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card title="Checkly Skills" href="/integrations/ai/skills">

>     Install the Checkly Skills and let AI agents generate Checkly CLI code for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install Checkly Skills and let AI agents generate Checkly monitoring code for you.
```
